Add most of text from first and second tutorial (#19)
retest/docs: docs/recheck-web/tutorial/travis-execute-ci.md

> Executing your test case in a CI/CD environment

Reviewer: Also capitalize?!

===============================================

The simplest way to execute our existing test case in a CI/CD environment is a combination of GitHub and Travis. Follow [this description](using-git-and-github.md], in order to manage your project with Git and push it to GitHub.

> Now we create an account with Travis at [travis-ci.com](https://travis-ci.com/). Travis is a CI/CD service provider, that is free to use for open source projects. Once we log in using our existing GitHub account, we can see our GitHub repository. In order to have Travis execute our test case, we just need to add a `.travis.yml` text file (note the leading dot) with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we create an account with Travis at [travis-ci.com](https://travis-ci.com/). Travis is a CI/CD service provider that is free to use for open source projects. Once we log in using our existing GitHub account, we can see our GitHub repository. In order to have Travis execute our test case, we just need to add a `.travis.yml` text file (note the leading dot) with the following content:
```

```
language: java
dist: trusty

addons:
  chrome: stable
  apt:
    packages:
      - chromium-chromedriver

notifications:
  email: false

cache:
  directories:
    - "${HOME}/.m2/"

install: true

before_script:
  # include ChromeDriver in PATH
  - ln --symbolic /usr/lib/chromium-browser/chromedriver "${HOME}/bin/chromedriver"
  # start Chrome and listen on localhost
  - google-chrome-stable --headless --disable-gpu --remote-debugging-port=9222 http://localhost &

> after_script: ci/upload.sh

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be:

```yml
script: mvn clean verify
```

Otherwise no tests are executed and there is also no `ci/upload.sh`.

Author: Hmm. I actually tried with this very file, and it worked. ci/upload.sh is (what i understood) uploading the m2 repo, right?

Reviewer: If I have understood correctly, the user creates a simple project without cloning an existing repo? But he only adds a `.travis.yml`, no extra folder / script `ci/.upload.sh`. It is also not necessary, doing `script: mvn clean verify` is sufficient.

Author: Ok, thanks.

```

> This file contains a simple configuration in yaml format, that tells Travis that we have a Java project, that we want to build on a trusty unix system, that we want Chrome and the ChromeDriver installed and in our classpath, and that we want to optimize the build by reusing our cache of Maven. Once we add this file with `git add .travis.yml` and upload it to GitHub with `git push`, we should see our Travis build fire up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file contains a simple configuration in YAML format, which tells Travis that we have a Java project that we want to build on a Ubuntu (Trusty) system. It also says that we want Chrome and ChromeDriver installed and in our path, and that we want to optimize the build by reusing our Maven cache. Once we add this file with `git add .travis.yml` and upload it to GitHub with `git push`, we should see our Travis build fire up.
```

Now we need to remove the following line from our tests:

```
System.setProperty("webdriver.chrome.driver", "chromedriver");
```

As of the Travis configuration, the ChromeDriver is now on the path and thus its location does not need to be set explicitly. Once we again commit and push, the tests are now executed on the Travis.

![Travis failing build](travis-failing-build.png)
 

> As you can see in the screenshot, the build fails, because the test is now executed on a different operating system and a different device, revealing cross-device differences. Likewise, you can execute the test with a different browser, which would reveal cross-browser differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see in the screenshot, the build fails because the test is now executed on a different operating system and a different device, revealing cross-device differences. Likewise, you can execute the test with a different browser, which would reveal cross-browser differences.
```
